
# GROUP-watermelon - lab 1 - variant 2

This is an example project which demonstrates project structure and necessary
CI checks. It is not the best structure for real-world projects, but good
enough for educational purposes.

## Project structure

- `dynamicArray.py` -- Definition of dynamic array structure method. It includes the methods to realize a total of 12 functions of lab1
- `dynamicArray_test.py` -- unit and PBT tests for `DynamicArray`.

## Features

- PBT: test_from_list_to_list, test_len_size, test_monoid_identity, test_monoid_associativity

## Contribution

- GuHaoQin (212320036@hdu.edu.cn) -- Method compilation.
- LiuHuaSheng(peanut2021@hdu.edu.cn)--Method test

## Changelog

- 28.04.2022
  - Update README. Add Design notes.
- 26.04.2022
  - Update code.
- 13.04.2022 - 2
  - Add test coverage.
- 13.04.2022 - 1
  - Update README. Add formal sections.
- 13.04.2022 - 0
  - Initial.

## Design notes

- Implementation restrictions
  - If you want to enter multiple element values, you can enter the list first, and then convert to the "DynamicArray" class. Or use the "append" or "insert" methods to add elements one by one.
- Advantages and disadvantages of unittest and PBT tests
  - "unittest" requires the user to enter the desired test case, which may lead to some situations that are not fully considered and inconvenient to use. "PBT tests" only require the user to describe the situation they want to test, and the specific test values are automatically generated by the computer.
